c:\users\sandhya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMusicStore\MvcMusicStore\bin\MvcMusicStore.dll
c:\users\sandhya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMusicStore\MvcMusicStore\bin\MvcMusicStore.pdb
c:\users\sandhya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMusicStore\MvcMusicStore\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\sandhya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMusicStore\MvcMusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\sandhya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMusicStore\MvcMusicStore\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\sandhya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMusicStore\MvcMusicStore\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\sandhya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMusicStore\MvcMusicStore\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\sandhya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMusicStore\MvcMusicStore\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\sandhya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMusicStore\MvcMusicStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\sandhya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMusicStore\MvcMusicStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\sandhya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMusicStore\MvcMusicStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\sandhya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMusicStore\MvcMusicStore\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\sandhya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMusicStore\MvcMusicStore\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\sandhya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMusicStore\MvcMusicStore\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\sandhya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMusicStore\MvcMusicStore\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\sandhya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMusicStore\MvcMusicStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\sandhya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMusicStore\MvcMusicStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\sandhya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMusicStore\MvcMusicStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\sandhya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMusicStore\MvcMusicStore\obj\Debug\MvcMusicStore.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\sandhya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMusicStore\MvcMusicStore\obj\Debug\MvcMusicStore.dll
c:\users\sandhya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcMusicStore\MvcMusicStore\obj\Debug\MvcMusicStore.pdb
